I first started by gaining an understanding of the custom data structures used in the protocol which were written in assembly. Writing arrays where the slot that holds the length now had both a custom min index and the length was new and very interesting to me. Also the ability to create dynamically sized arrays that are very efficient due to the min index reducing the effective length was very interesting indeed.

The first place I looked for issues was whether the custom data types could ever malfunction, namely if the length or min index stored in the first slot could fail to reflect the actual state of the array holding voting power information, and thus report an incorrect value or access a slot that is out of bounds. However the team did an excellent job of securing this aspect of the functionality -- these efforts were largely in vain.

I then pivoted my focus towards logical errors where users may take some logic flow that is unexpected and could result in loss of funds or incorrect voting power. This was again very difficult due to the invariants defined by the developers, which they did an excellent job in upholding. But, I was able to identify a few problems that might affect functionality of the codebase by looking at input validation inconsistencies between functions. If one function had a requirement that the other didn't uphold, it would be possible to enter into an illegal state that causes malfunctions. This is exactly what I found in NFTBoostVault, with regards to depositing invalid ERC1155 tokens.

Additionally I thought more deeply about the known issues the team pointed out and whether there were greater consequences than they envisioned, or if the fix was as costly as they had thought. I realized that one of the problems they pointed out had more far reaching consequences than they originally thought, and the fix could be done in a very efficient manner by reworking the data structures they defined. I'm not sure if this is a valid finding since the team pointed it out already, though it would result in more optimal functioning of the protocol with minimal cost to implement, so it was worth reporting at least.

This was only my third live audit ever! I've been learning blockchain security for less than 2 months in total. I tried really hard to only include valid submissions so I don't spam judges with low quality submissions, but I may be limited by my experience. I focused only on mediums and highs though I did notice quite a few lows and optimizations. I want to challenge myself to focus on the tough issues rather than harvesting low hanging fruit for the sake of a payout. Ultimately my goal is not to make money right now, but to learn. I really look forward to reading the final report! I'm sure I missed a ton of obvious bugs, but that pain is how you truly learn, not by reading bugs which you had no stake in.

### Time spent:
17 hours